[Feature] COW back_urls integration explanation notes (#782)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/payments/web-payment-checkout/latest/integration.en.md

Finally, add the following code to show the payment button of your Mercado Pago Checkout in the place you want it to appear.

> NOTE
>

> > Nota

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note
```

>

> > Si tu sitio funciona en mobile, ten en cuenta que es necesario configurar las `back_urls` si deseas volver a tu sitio al finalizar el pago. Para más información puedes visitar la sección [Integración avanzada](http://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/payments/web-payment-checkout/test-integration/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your site works on mobile, note that you need to configure the `back_urls` if you want to return to your site at the end of the payment. For more information, you can visit the [Advanced integration](http://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/payments/web-payment-checkout/test-integration/) section. 
```
